adding keynote details (#634)
InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org: content/en/events/isc-2023.md

**Part 2** is timed for **APAC, Europe, Middle East, & Africa**: (Thur 16th Nov UTC 7:30-11:30am / CET 8:30am -12:30pm / IST 1- 5pm / AEST & CST 6:30 -10:30pm)

### Keynote speaker

<div class="clearfix speaker-bio">
<!-- <img alt="Bill Higgins photo" src="/images/events/speakers/summit2022/bill_higgins.png" width="200" class="speaker-photo" id="bill_higgins" /> -->

Making Change Happen when the Skeptics Surround You
**Mary Lynn Manns**, Fearless Change

> Mary Lynn Manns, PhD is the co-author of two books (with Linda Rising), Fearless Change: Patterns for Introducing New Ideas, 2005 (also published in Japanese and Chinese) and More Fearless Change: Strategies for Making Your Ideas Happen, 2015. Mary Lynn has spent 25+ years gathering successful strategies from leaders of change and has given numerous presentations at events throughout the world and in many organizations that include Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Avon, and Amazon.
> Please include the link to the Fearless Change website:  https://fearlesschangepatterns.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mary Lynn Manns, PhD is the co-author of two books (with Linda Rising), Fearless Change: Patterns for Introducing New Ideas, 2005 (also published in Japanese and Chinese) and More Fearless Change: Strategies for Making Your Ideas Happen, 2015. Mary Lynn has spent 25+ years gathering successful strategies from leaders of change and has given numerous presentations at events throughout the world and in many organizations that include Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Avon, and Amazon. See [fearlesschangepatterns.com](https://fearlesschangepatterns.com).
```
